development-log.md, before:

# Development Log

This log will contain information about the development process or the project and the choosen methodology.

## Methodology

For this project I have choosen to follow the Waterfall methodology.
This is due to a clear understanding of the project constraints, documentation and lifecycle.
Due to this being a simple personal project and not time constrainted waterfall is more logical over other methods such as agile.
This is as a result of a lack of complexity the project isnt likely to revert to previous steps in a process and therefore waterfall is better suited.

A cycle will be non time dependant and last until a finalised build '1.0.0' has been developed, tested and optimised.
Beyond this point mimimal changes will be required.
However If by my own choosing I add major features they will follow the same structure.

## Cycle 1 Build 1.0.0

### Targets

#### Initial Creation
- Create repo with ignore, license and readme files.
- Update readme to include all initial information required.

#### Documentation
- Construct wireframes.
- Document theming and colour schemes.
- Create site map diagram.
- Reference any external assets.

#### Pre Build Creation
- Apply previously mentioned documentation to construct first build of project with features outlined in 'README.md'.
- User test first build.
- Apply data from user test.
- Use metric tools and document.
- Apply metric data to build.

#### Release Build 1.0.0
- Release first build under '1.0.0'.

### Completed targets
- Both intial creation tasks completed.
- Wireframes, site map, theming and colour schemes documented.

### Issues 
- Admin log in feature had potenial to cause security risk if source code stays public.
- Site map was very basic.

### Resolutions
- Admin feature will be made on going and added in a build after 1.0.0 if security is no longer concered.
- Site map was made into a flow chart to better indicate how the user will interact with the site.

### On going targets
- Admin log in feature.

### Improvements

Commit message:

docs: Updated 'development-log.md' with header styling issue. docs: Created 'asset-referencing.md' and added 'logo-stock.png' to it.

development-log.md, after:

# Development Log

This log will contain information about the development process or the project and the choosen methodology.

## Methodology

For this project I have choosen to follow the Waterfall methodology.
This is due to a clear understanding of the project constraints, documentation and lifecycle.
Due to this being a simple personal project and not time constrainted waterfall is more logical over other methods such as agile.
This is as a result of a lack of complexity the project isnt likely to revert to previous steps in a process and therefore waterfall is better suited.

A cycle will be non time dependant and last until a finalised build '1.0.0' has been developed, tested and optimised.
Beyond this point mimimal changes will be required.
However If by my own choosing I add major features they will follow the same structure.

## Cycle 1 Build 1.0.0

### Targets

#### Initial Creation
- Create repo with ignore, license and readme files.
- Update readme to include all initial information required.

#### Documentation
- Construct wireframes.
- Document theming and colour schemes.
- Create site map diagram.
- Reference any external assets.

#### Pre Build Creation
- Apply previously mentioned documentation to construct first build of project with features outlined in 'README.md'.
- User test first build.
- Apply data from user test.
- Use metric tools and document.
- Apply metric data to build.

#### Release Build 1.0.0
- Release first build under '1.0.0'.

### Completed targets
- Both intial creation tasks completed.
- Wireframes, site map, theming and colour schemes documented.

### Issues 
- Admin log in feature had potenial to cause security risk if source code stays public.
- Site map was very basic.
- Header styling wasnt aesthetically pleasing when to covering 100% of the viewport.

### Resolutions
- Admin feature will be made on going and added in a build after 1.0.0 if security is no longer concered.
- Site map was made into a flow chart to better indicate how the user will interact with the site.
- Changed header to cover the entire viewport rather than a portion of it as shown in the wireframes.

### On going targets
- Admin log in feature.

### Improvements
